Fix @api.expect() decorators with validate=False (issue-609) (#610)
noirbizarre/flask-restplus: CHANGELOG.rst

Current
-------

> - Fix `@api.expect()` decorators with `validate=False` (:issue:`609`)

Reviewer: It would be clearer to include that this is for when `validate=True` is set on the `Api` constructor :smile:

Author: Hard to formulate in one short sentence.
```suggestion
- Fix `@api.expect(..., validate=False)` decorators for an :class:`Api` where `validate=True` is set on the constructor
```
Better?
